Missing discussions docs (#844)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/repositories-pull-requests-discussions.md

<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-edit-title-dark.PNG"/>
</div>

## Pin a Discussion / Pull Request

If you have write access to a repository, you can pin discussions and pull requests. Pinned discussions appears on the top of all the discussions.

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-pin.png"/>

> <img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-pin.png"/>

Reviewer: To update to dark version

</div>

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-pinned.png"/>
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-pinned-dark.png"/>
</div>

## Lock a Discussion / Pull Request

> If you have write access to a repository, you can lock discussions or pull requests. Once a discussion is locked, previous comments are still visible but users can't add new comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have write access to a repository, you can lock discussions or Pull Requests. Once a discussion is locked, previous comments are still visible and users won't be able to add new comments.
```

<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/discussions-comment-menu-edit-dark.png"/>
</div>

> Once the comment has been edited, a new link appears above the comment. This link shows the edits history. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the comment has been edited, a new link will appear above the comment. This link shows the edit history. 
```

Read also [moderation](./moderation) to see how to report an abusive comment.

> ## Disabling Discussions / Pull Requests

Author: Maye this part should be in `repositories-settings.md`, wdyt?

Reviewer: Agree! (and still link from here somewhere)
